Update relocations.md (#1413)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/workplace/people/relocations.md

# Relocations

> One of the principles of Mattermost’s Remote First culture is flexibility. This means more time with loved ones, no commute, complete control over your workspace, and the freedom to work from various locations.. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the principles of Mattermost’s Remote First culture is flexibility. This means more time with loved ones, no commute, complete control over your workspace, and the freedom to work from various locations.
```

**Address change**

Staff members should update their new address in Rippling (and Deel, where applicable). Managers will be notified of the update via Rippling and are responsible for approving the request. Intrastate and intraprovincial relocations follow the Relocation Request Process and require MLT and HR approval prior to relocation.

**Short Term Travel (less than 6 months)**

In most cases, FT staff are able to travel and work outside of their contractual region/location for a period of less than 6 months in a 12 month period (time away from one’s contractual location does not need to be consecutive - rather it’s 6 months total in any 12 month period).

Staff members are responsible for ensuring they have the necessary permits and documentation to work legally and must get manager approval prior to traveling. HR and MLT must be notified if travel extends beyond a 1-month period. 

Some roles are not eligible to work outside of their contractual region/location. Reach out to HR for more information.

**Relocation policy**

Full-time staff wishing to relocate outside their contractual region/location for 6 months or longer must follow the Relocation Request Process:

> 1. **Manager Approval**: Team member to seek initial writeen approval from their manager for the relocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Manager Approval**: Team member seeks initial written approval from their manager for the relocation.
```

2. **Permitted Locations**: Relocations are only permitted to Mattermost's existing entity locations and to Mattermost Talent Centers through Employers of Record (EOR).

> 3. **HR and MLT Relocation Review**: Manager to forward their written approval to HR to initiate a relocation review with MLT to determine: (a) If the time zone shift (if applicable) can be supported by the team/role, (b) if the role is needed in the desired location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **HR and MLT Relocation Review**: Manager forwards their written approval to HR to initiate a relocation review with MLT to determine: (a) If the time zone shift (where applicable) can be supported by the team/role; (b) if the role is needed in the desired location.
```
